When the wind blows,
When the rain comes,
When the ground beneath you
starts to slip away,
God is always near.
And he cares for you.
You’re not alone.
Your friends are here.
We’ll help you find your way.
We won’t forget you.
We are your family.
We won’t ignore you.
We will not fail to see.
We’ll take your hand.
We’ll help you stand.
We’ll help you carry on.
We won’t forget you.
We are your family.
When the storm’s gone,
When the day breaks,
When our love surrounds you
like a warm embrace,
Then you come to know
That it’s really so.
Love is a bond,
A perfect bond,
That time will not erase.
We won’t forget you.
We are your family.
We won’t ignore you.
We will not fail to see.
We’ll take your hand.
We’ll help you stand.
We’ll help you carry on.
We won’t forget you.
We are a worldwide family.
We are your family.